lib/promscrape: fix shutdown race (#11107)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

## tip

* BUGFIX: [stream aggregation](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/stream-aggregation/): fix issue with producing aggregated samples with identical timestamps between flushes. See PR [#10808](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/10808) for details.

> * BUGFIX: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmalert/): fix shutdown race during slow config scrapes. See PR [#11107](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/11107) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [vmagent](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmagent/) and [vmsingle](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/): fix rare unbounded shutdown delay when config reload takes longer than `-configCheckInterval`. See [#11107](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/11107). Thanks to @PleasingFungus for contribution.
```

Previously, it was vmalert. But I don't see how vmalert is related to scrapper. So, I replaced it with vmsingle and vmagent.
